---
title: About
date: 2021-08-08
pinned: true
---

![me](/img/about/leica.webp)

My name is Gadzhi. I was born in [Dagestan](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Dagestan)
and currently reside in Ä°stanbul. Designing software is both my profession and
passion.

### Work

[Retool](https://retool.com) <small>-- Design Engineer,
2021&ndash;present</small><br/>A platform that helps businesses build custom
internal tools and workflows without extensive coding skills, using a
drag-and-drop interface and pre-built components. I'm currently working on the
development of [Workflows](https://retool.com/products/workflows/).

[Webflow](https://webflow.com) <small>-- Product Designer,
2015&ndash;2021</small> <br/>Website design and development platform that
enables users to create responsive websites visually without the need for
advanced coding skills, offering hosting, content management, and other
features. My primary focus was on creating intuitive and powerful visual tools
for designers. [View my work at Webflow](/work/webflow).

[Stampsy](https://stampsy.com) <small>-- Designer/Engineer,
2012&ndash;2014</small><br/>Stampsy was a small social platform for creating
visual stories. I designed the product and developed a modular CSS architecture
for it. [View my work at Stampsy](/work/stampsy).

### Game design

I have a keen interest in video game design and development. It's a challenging
and enjoyable field, and I dedicate my free time to working on various personal
projects. I maintain a [dlog](/dlog) where I occasionally post updates on my
progress.

I also enjoy reading about game design theory and practice. Here is a collection
of my favorite [books and resources](/notes/gamedesign-resources.md).

### Programming

When it comes to programming, I consider myself a jack of all trades. I have
been tinkering with code for as long as I can remember, and it continues to
bring me joy and make time fly.

Whether it's creating design prototypes with JavaScript at work, developing
games with Godot or Unity, writing shell scripts for my
[Linux desktop](https://github.com/kkga/dotfiles), or creating small CLI
programs with Go, I love it all and always strive to learn more. I occasionally
share useful things on [my GitHub](https://github.com/kkga).

### Photography

In the past, I was an avid photographer, capturing moments with my favorite
camera, a Leica M6 paired with Summicron 35mm and 50mm lenses. My old
photographs can be found on my
[Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/gadzhi/albums) page.

Nowadays, I don't take as many photos but still enjoy the occasional photo walk
with a Fujifilm X100V. I'm currently experimenting with a simple photo gallery
here: https://photos.kkga.me.

### This website

...is fairly simple. Written mostly in markdown and built with
[Ter](https://ter.kkga.me) --- a small wiki-style site generator that I made.

### Contact

x-at-kkga.me / [twitter](https://twitter.com/kkga_) /
[github](https://github.com/kkga)
